Docs (#4)
yiisoft/psr-emitter: README.md

[![type-coverage](https://shepherd.dev/github/yiisoft/psr-emitter/coverage.svg)](https://shepherd.dev/github/yiisoft/psr-emitter)
[![psalm-level](https://shepherd.dev/github/yiisoft/psr-emitter/level.svg)](https://shepherd.dev/github/yiisoft/psr-emitter)

> The package provides `EmitterInterface` that responsible for sending PSR-7 HTTP responses and several implementations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package provides `EmitterInterface` that is responsible for sending PSR-7 HTTP responses as well as several implementations of the interface:
```
